Pronounce: 
- Thanh Hoá is a large province of Central Vietnam. Thanh Hoá is composed of three categories of mountain, plain and mid-land terrains. Its coastline is 102km in length. Being the dwelling place of the ancient Viets, Thanh Hoa is proud of the glorious Đông Sơn culture (see also Các Nền Văn Hoá ở Việt Nam). Only 16 km from Thanh Hoá City, Sầm Sơn Beach is very good for bathing. Beside sandy beaches, Sầm Sơn also has some scenic spots such as Trong Mai Island, Doc Cuoc Temple and Co Tien Mount. Citadel of the Hồ Dynasty (Thành Nhà Hồ) was built in 1397. It was not only the location for the central government, but also a quite military project. All the ancient citadels in Vietnam such as the citadels of Hoa Lư and Cổ Loa were made of earth, the only exception being the Hồ Dynasty Citadel, which was wholly built in block granite, depicting the power of creativeness and industriousness of the labouring people more than six centuries ago. The Hồ Citadel Dynasty only existed for 10 years (1397-1407), but its vestiges are still surprising because many of its technical questions remain the unknowns 
- Bà Triệu (Lady Trieu) Temple is located at the foot of the Tùng mountain (Triệu Lộc commune, Thanh Hoá province). This mountain was the centre of the insurrection led by her. Bà Triệu whose full name was Triệu Thị Trinh was a beloved national heroine. She led the nation in an uprising against the northern invasion in the 3rd century. Ritual ceremonies are held yearly at the temple on the 21st day of the lunar second month. People on pilgrimage to the temple often recall Bà Triệu s outright declaration: "I want to drive over strong wind, sail over strong waves and chase the foreign invaders out of the country, and I will not give up myself to be their servant-concubine". Mã River is the largest one in Thanh Hoá. Nearing the coast, the river meets a high mountain which resembles a dragon's head, from which the bridge spanning that part of river derives its name. In the early 20th century, French engineers tried in vain to built an iron bridge over Mã River. In 1905, they completed a suspension bridge only to see it destroyed in the anti-French war. When peace returned in 1954, Vietnamese engineers applied new engineering techniques and built an iron bridge. The new Hàm Rồng bridge was completed on May 19, 1964. The bridge gained fame because it became the main target of US air forces in the efforts to break the North-South supply lines

